# comp163-assignment-5
For the first challenge I used the while loop due to the conditions that had to be met. Since when inputting a variable the code should run continually based on two conditions, using a for would not work because there is not a known number of iterations. The input has to be positive to run AND the code must run until the value reaches 1. In this first section I did not have any AI help, the solution was developed by establishing a conditional loop that runs until the input was 1 or not negative. If it was then the code would move to the else block and print the numbers and the counter.

The second challenge was initialized with a for loop, the number of iterations is known, we start at 2 and go to the input - 1. The solution for this one uses conditional statements to see if the input is =2 or > 1, if its 2 the variable isprime = true and moves to the print statements, otherwise the input will loop through the specified range using a sentinel value to keep track of failing. The loop checks for if the input modulo of the sentinel value is equal to 0, if so then isprime = False then breaks the loop and the print statement reflects where it failed and the input. Additionally, there was no AI used in the generation or clarification of code. 

The third Challenge used for loops since it had defined parameters, it had to be 10 units long and 10 units high. The solution is slightly complicated, after printing out the header using a sentinel value and range function  to get 10 values, a separate for loop was used to get the variable to multiply by having the loop print the first variable in each iteration as its loop count, then a separate loop takes that variable and the header and print out the product of them. This block of Code did use AI to find out how to align the header with the table.

